! deep - by safari_al
! tr@slackzone.org
! open box trois
!
! the scent of deep heat is wafting through the air.  inhale.

menu.title.bg: flat gradient horizontal
menu.title.bg.color: #223256
menu.title.bg.colorTo: #5171a6
menu.title.text.color: #e6e6e6

menu.items.bg: flat gradient horizontal
menu.items.bg.color: #a3a3a3
menu.items.bg.colorTo: #d3d3d3
menu.items.text.color: #1a1a1a
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #969696

menu.items.active.bg: flat gradient horizontal
menu.items.active.bg.color: #a3a3a3
menu.items.active.bg.colorTo: #5171a6
menu.items.active.text.color: #1a1a1a

! ventana activa

window.active.title.bg: flat gradient vertical
window.active.title.bg.color: #d3d3d3
window.active.title.bg.colorTo: #a3a3a3

window.active.label.bg: flat gradient horizontal
window.active.label.bg.color: #223256
! #3f5881 is the dreary colorTo that made corporate life hell in the late 80's.
window.active.label.bg.colorTo: #5171a6
window.active.label.text.color: #e6e6e6

window.active.button.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: black

window.active.button.pressed.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.pressed.bg.color: #969696

window.active.button.disabled.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #969696

window.active.handle.bg: flat solid
window.active.handle.bg.color: #d3d3d3

window.active.grip.bg: flat solid
window.active.grip.bg.color: #3f5881

! unfocused windows

window.inactive.title.bg: flat gradient vertical
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #d3d3d3
window.inactive.title.bg.colorTo: #a3a3a3

window.inactive.label.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.label.bg.color: #223256
window.inactive.label.text.color: #e6e6e6

window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: black

window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg.color: #969696

window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #969696

window.active.client.color: #d3d3d3
window.inactive.client.color: #a3a3a3

window.inactive.handle.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #a3a3a3

window.inactive.grip.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: #223526

! misc.

border.width:  1
padding.width: 1
window.handle.width:  3
window.client.padding.width: 1
menu.overlap: 0
border.color:	black

*justify:	left
window.active.label.text.font: sans:pixelsize=12
menu.title.text.font: sans:pixelsize=12
menu.items.font: sans:pixelsize=10

!rootCommand:	bsetbg -mod 2 2 -bg rgb:22/35/26 -fg rgb:3f/58/81

! back in the 60's, free love was cool, and so was the bbpager.

bbpager.frame: flat gradient vertical
bbpager.frame.bg.color: #3f5881
bbpager.frame.bg.colorTo: #223256

bbpager.desktop: parentrelative
bbpager.desktop.focus: parentrelative

bbpager.window: flat gradient vertical
bbpager.window.bg.color: #d3d3d3
bbpager.window.bg.colorTo: #a3a3a3
bbpager.window.focus: flat gradient vertical
bbpager.window.focus.bg.color: #d3d3d3
bbpager.window.focus.bg.colorTo: #3f5881

bbpager.desktop.focusStyle: border
bbpager.window.focusStyle: texture

bbpager.active.desktop.bg.border.color: #d3d3d3
bbpager.active.window.bg.border.color: black
bbpager.inactive.window.bg.border.color: black

bbpager.bevelWidth: 1

! always remember to warm up before playing sport
