# Name: Simple
# Author: Roberth Sjon√∏y <roberth.sjonoy@gmail.com>

# Menu settings
menu.title.bg: Raised Vertical
menu.title.bg.color: #000000
menu.title.text.color: #ffffff
menu.title.text.justify: Left

menu.items.bg: Flat Solid
menu.items.bg.color: #000000
menu.items.text.color: #ffffff
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #ffffff

menu.items.active.bg: Flat Vertical
menu.items.active.bg.color: #ffffff
menu.items.active.text.color: #000000


# Window settings (focused)
window.active.title.bg: Raised Vertical
window.active.title.bg.color: #000000

window.active.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color: #ffffff

window.active.handle.bg: Raised Vertical
window.active.handle.bg.color: #000000

window.active.grip.bg: Raised Vertical
window.active.grip.bg.color: #000000

window.active.button.unpressed.bg: Flat Vertical
window.active.button.unpressed.bg.color: #000000
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #ffffff

window.active.button.pressed.bg: Flat Vertical
window.active.button.pressed.bg.color: #000000
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #ffffff

window.active.button.disabled.bg: Flat Vertical
window.active.button.disabled.bg.color: #000000
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #ffffff

window.active.button.toggled.bg: Flat Vertical
window.active.button.toggled.bg.color: #000000
window.active.button.toggled.image.color: #ffffff


# Window settings (unfocused)
window.inactive.title.bg: Raised Vertical
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #000000

window.inactive.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #ffffff

window.inactive.handle.bg: Raised Vertical
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #000000

window.inactive.grip.bg: Raised Vertical
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: #000000

window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: Flat Vertical
window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg.color: #000000
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #000000

window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: Flat Vertical
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg.color: #000000
window.inactive.button.pressed.image.color: #000000

window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: Flat Vertical
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg.color: #000000
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #000000

window.inactive.button.toggled.bg: Flat Vertical
window.inactive.button.toggled.bg.color: #000000
window.inactive.button.toggled.image.color: #000000


### Everything else
border.width: 1
padding.width: 3
window.handle.width: 3
window.client.padding.width: 0
border.color: #000000
menu.overlap: 0


### Fonts
window.active.label.text.font:shadow=y:shadowtint=0:shadowoffset=0
window.inactive.label.text.font:shadow=y:shadowtint=0:shadowoffset=0
menu.items.font:
menu.title.text.font:shadow=y:shadowtint=0
